are you ever in a mood for a
great-tasting tempura or looking for
that special recipe to impress your
friends well Solid Master has the recipe
just for you
today we're making a shrimp tempura
using our seven quart roaster and a
large culinary basket we've added about
five quarts of coconut oil which is
about four to seven liters this should
be about 3/4 of the way full in your pan
we're going to start by using one fresh
egg we're going to whisk the egg we're
going to add one cup of flour mix that
together and the most important
ingredient is ice-cold water which we're
adding one cup of cold water to the
batter we'll mix that together until
it's smooth and consistency now that our
batter is smooth to consistency we're
going to add our shrimp it's important
that the shrimp is patted fairly dry
because water will cause the oil to
bubble once the batter has has preheated
for about 10 to 12 minutes we're ready
to place our battered shrimp into the
oil
it's important not to overfill the
basket so the shrimp doesn't stick
together after about three to four
minutes of cooking you'll want to turn
the shrimp once after cooking an
additional three to four minutes
the shrimp should be golden crispy brown
and you'll want to place that on a paper
towel to drain off the excess grease Wow
doesn't that look delicious
I can't wait to try this talk about a
way to impress your guests the beauty of
making tempore is there are limitless
possibilities you can make fruit tempura
vegetable tempura and meat tempura's and
I am going to try this shrimp tempura
with this shrimp tempura I have
purchased some sweet and sour chili
sauce I'm gonna squeeze a little lime on
my shrimp dip it in the sauce mmm mmm
amazing